[Music]
what do we think we like here
bye are we moving again no she changed
her name do you like it I guess what's
your name she changed her appearance I
like this
but nothing could protect her from the
most dangerous man she's ever known
[Music]
gonna be just like it was it's the
information age sweetheart you leave a
trail everywhere you can't run forever
why not the funds in your account seem
to be frozen this is all Mitch okay he's
just trying to scare me out the windows
in your apartment they still locked
crazy thinking about stuff like that
Gracie
you know love is a scary thing how
powerful it is what it does to you cops
can't help you no one can help you
it's going to keep on coming until it
kills you
you have a divine animal right
to protect your own life and the life of
your offspring you ready yes I need a
woman who looks like me
I need much to think I'm here in San
Francisco
self-defense is not murder
scared of what
[Music]